README.md, before:

<img src="/images/hero.jpg"/>

Chandelier
==========
[![Android Arsenal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Arsenal-Chandelier-blue.svg?style=true)](https://android-arsenal.com/details/1/3598) [![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.prolificinteractive/chandelier.svg?maxAge=2592000)](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Ca%3A%22chandelier%22) [![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/prolificinteractive/Chandelier.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://travis-ci.org/prolificinteractive/Chandelier)

A nice swipe layout that provides new actions with a material design look and feel.

<img src="/images/demo1.gif" alt="Demo Screen Capture" width="300px" />
<img src="/images/demo2.gif" alt="Demo Screen Capture" width="300px" />

Usage
-----

1. Add `compile 'com.prolificinteractive:chandelier:0.1.0'` to your dependencies.
2. Wrap your list around `ChandelierLayout` in your layouts or view hierarchy.
3. Add a list of `ActionItem` using `ChandelierLayout#populateActionItems()` method.
4. Set a `OnActionSelectedListener` to listen for selected action and update the view accordingly.

Or

1. Add `compile 'com.prolificinteractive:chandelier:0.1.0'` to your dependencies.
2. Wrap your list around `ChandelierLayout` in your layouts or view hierarchy.
3. Create Objects that extend `ActionItem` and add them using `ChandelierLayout#populateActionItems()` method.
4. Override `ActionItem#Execute()` method to execute the action when selected.

Example:

```xml
  <com.prolificinteractive.chandelier.widget.ChandelierLayout
      android:id="@+id/chandelier_layout"
      android:layout_width="match_parent"
      android:layout_height="match_parent"
      app:al_background="?attr/colorPrimary"
      >
      
      <!-- Insert your list here -->
      <include layout="@layout/example_recycler_view" />
  
  </com.prolificinteractive.chandelier.widget.ChandelierLayout>
```

Customization
-------------

XML attributes:

- `al_background` Set background color
- `al_elevation` Set elevation 
- `al_selector` Set background selector
- `al_animate_to_start_duration` Set the duration that the layout takes to get into its original position. Default is 300 Millisecond.

- `ai_margin` Set action item margin

Make sure to check sample for more examples.

Contributing
============

Would you like to contribute? Fork us and send a pull request! Be sure to checkout our issues first.

## License

Chandelier is Copyright (c) 2017 Prolific Interactive. It may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE] file.

[LICENSE]: /LICENSE

## Maintainers

![prolific](https://s3.amazonaws.com/prolificsitestaging/logos/Prolific_Logo_Full_Color.png)

Chandelier is maintained and funded by Prolific Interactive. The names and logos are trademarks of Prolific Interactive.

Commit message:

Update README and Gradle version (#19)

README.md, after:

<img src="/images/hero.jpg"/>

Chandelier
==========
[![Android Arsenal](https://img.shields.io/badge/Android%20Arsenal-Chandelier-blue.svg?style=true)](https://android-arsenal.com/details/1/3598) [![Maven Central](https://img.shields.io/maven-central/v/com.prolificinteractive/chandelier.svg?maxAge=2592000)](http://search.maven.org/#search%7Cga%7C1%7Ca%3A%22chandelier%22) [![Travis](https://img.shields.io/travis/prolificinteractive/Chandelier.svg?maxAge=2592000)](https://travis-ci.org/prolificinteractive/Chandelier)

A nice swipe layout that provides new actions with a material design look and feel.

<img src="/images/demo1.gif" alt="Demo Screen Capture" width="300px" />
<img src="/images/demo2.gif" alt="Demo Screen Capture" width="300px" />

## Installation

Step 1. Add the JitPack repository to your build file

```groovy
allprojects {
  repositories {
    ...
    maven { url 'https://jitpack.io' }
  }
}
```

Step 2. Add the dependency

```groovy
dependencies {
  implementation 'com.github.prolificinteractive:chandelier:${chandelierVersion}'
}
```


Usage
-----

1. Wrap your list around `ChandelierLayout` in your layouts or view hierarchy.
2. Add a list of `ActionItem` using `ChandelierLayout#populateActionItems()` method.
3. Set a `OnActionSelectedListener` to listen for selected action and update the view accordingly.

Or

1 Wrap your list around `ChandelierLayout` in your layouts or view hierarchy.
2. Create Objects that extend `ActionItem` and add them using `ChandelierLayout#populateActionItems()` method.
3. Override `ActionItem#Execute()` method to execute the action when selected.

Example:

```xml
  <com.prolificinteractive.chandelier.widget.ChandelierLayout
      android:id="@+id/chandelier_layout"
      android:layout_width="match_parent"
      android:layout_height="match_parent"
      app:al_background="?attr/colorPrimary"
      >
      
      <!-- Insert your list here -->
      <include layout="@layout/example_recycler_view" />
  
  </com.prolificinteractive.chandelier.widget.ChandelierLayout>
```

Customization
-------------

XML attributes:

- `al_background` Set background color
- `al_elevation` Set elevation 
- `al_selector` Set background selector
- `al_animate_to_start_duration` Set the duration that the layout takes to get into its original position. Default is 300 Millisecond.

- `ai_margin` Set action item margin

Make sure to check sample for more examples.

Contributing
============

Would you like to contribute? Fork us and send a pull request! Be sure to checkout our issues first.

## License

Chandelier is Copyright (c) 2018 Prolific Interactive. It may be redistributed under the terms specified in the [LICENSE] file.

[LICENSE]: /LICENSE

## Maintainers

![prolific](https://s3.amazonaws.com/prolificsitestaging/logos/Prolific_Logo_Full_Color.png)

Chandelier is maintained and funded by Prolific Interactive. The names and logos are trademarks of Prolific Interactive.
